Wow yeah yeah I heard the listen it's
the only time I'll actually look at my
phone
otherwise yeah I heard it I can have
Zelda's my ringtone if I want listen
that's a great ring
is sweater
I would
are you kidding
okay
huzzah nap
both other things are dead someone said
they were who are you alright
bubblegum
may they move
haha
yep that's it if somebody hits a
Shadowcat
it was everybody within
I think he mentioned earlier he had to
get his kids food so he had to get in
the Trevor go inside well don't worry it
wasn't the first time I stepped on a
trap just listen up
you see a valve get about 55% health
switch to another elk they only need to
be 50% help in the meantime slow-mo
pop heroism
stay away from the file
have a set of Alex now shut up grab
triangle don't know if it's a lock I was
a poor backup
I still drop me home yeah
- gives us regulations as weight off
stay away from the file move it move it
Oh
really follow
okay so my friend is texting me and she
says haha I think some day I'm going to
carry a bag of rats for a youth missile
well I don't know I think she just got
insane and decided to want to carry a
bag of dead rats
she said it sounds fun did she say they
were dead